you shall not circulate a false report
you shall not circulate a false report do not put your hand with the wicked to
do not put your hand with the wicked to
do not put your hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous witness you shall not
be an unrighteous witness you shall not
be an unrighteous witness you shall not follow a crowd to do evil nor shall you
follow a crowd to do evil nor shall you
follow a crowd to do evil nor shall you testify in a dispute so as to turn aside
testify in a dispute so as to turn aside
testify in a dispute so as to turn aside after many to pervert justice you shall
after many to pervert justice you shall
after many to pervert justice you shall not show partiality to a poor man in his
not show partiality to a poor man in his
not show partiality to a poor man in his dispute if you meet your enemies ox or
dispute if you meet your enemies ox or
dispute if you meet your enemies ox or his donkey going astray you shall surely
his donkey going astray you shall surely
his donkey going astray you shall surely bring it back to him again
bring it back to him again
bring it back to him again if you see the donkey of one who hates
if you see the donkey of one who hates
if you see the donkey of one who hates you lying under its burden and you would
you lying under its burden and you would
you lying under its burden and you would refrain from helping it you shall surely
refrain from helping it you shall surely
refrain from helping it you shall surely help him with it you shall not pervert
help him with it you shall not pervert
help him with it you shall not pervert the judgment of your poor in his dispute
the judgment of your poor in his dispute
the judgment of your poor in his dispute keep yourself far from a false matter do
keep yourself far from a false matter do
keep yourself far from a false matter do not kill the innocent and righteous for
not kill the innocent and righteous for
not kill the innocent and righteous for I will not justify the wicked and you
I will not justify the wicked and you
I will not justify the wicked and you shall take no bribe for a bribe blinds
shall take no bribe for a bribe blinds
shall take no bribe for a bribe blinds the discerning and perverts the words of
the discerning and perverts the words of
the discerning and perverts the words of the righteous also you shall not oppress
the righteous also you shall not oppress
the righteous also you shall not oppress a stranger for you know the heart of a
a stranger for you know the heart of a
a stranger for you know the heart of a stranger because you were strangers in
stranger because you were strangers in
stranger because you were strangers in the land of Egypt 6 years you shall sell
the land of Egypt 6 years you shall sell
the land of Egypt 6 years you shall sell your land and gather in its produce but
your land and gather in its produce but
your land and gather in its produce but the seventh year you shall let it rest
the seventh year you shall let it rest
the seventh year you shall let it rest and live fallow that the poor of your
and live fallow that the poor of your
and live fallow that the poor of your people may eat and what they leave the
people may eat and what they leave the
people may eat and what they leave the beasts of the field may eat
beasts of the field may eat
beasts of the field may eat in like manner you shall do with your
in like manner you shall do with your
in like manner you shall do with your vineyard and your olive grove six days
vineyard and your olive grove six days
vineyard and your olive grove six days you shall do your work and on the
you shall do your work and on the
you shall do your work and on the seventh day you shall rest that your ox
seventh day you shall rest that your ox
seventh day you shall rest that your ox and your donkey may rest and the son of
and your donkey may rest and the son of
and your donkey may rest and the son of your female servant and the stranger may
your female servant and the stranger may
your female servant and the stranger may be refreshed and in all that I have said
be refreshed and in all that I have said
be refreshed and in all that I have said to you be circumspect
to you be circumspect
to you be circumspect and make no mention of the name of other
and make no mention of the name of other
and make no mention of the name of other gods nor let it be heard from your mouth
gods nor let it be heard from your mouth
gods nor let it be heard from your mouth three times you shall keep a feast to me
three times you shall keep a feast to me
three times you shall keep a feast to me in the year you shall keep the feast of
in the year you shall keep the feast of
in the year you shall keep the feast of unleavened bread you shall eat
unleavened bread you shall eat
unleavened bread you shall eat unleavened bread seven days as I
unleavened bread seven days as I
unleavened bread seven days as I commanded you at the time appointed in
commanded you at the time appointed in
commanded you at the time appointed in the month of Abib for in it you came out
the month of Abib for in it you came out
the month of Abib for in it you came out of Egypt none shall appear before me
of Egypt none shall appear before me
of Egypt none shall appear before me empty and the feast of harvest the first
empty and the feast of harvest the first
empty and the feast of harvest the first fruits of your labors which you have
fruits of your labors which you have
fruits of your labors which you have sown in the field and the feast of
sown in the field and the feast of
sown in the field and the feast of ingathering at the end of the year when
ingathering at the end of the year when
ingathering at the end of the year when you have gathered in the fruit of your
you have gathered in the fruit of your
you have gathered in the fruit of your Labour's from the field three times in
Labour's from the field three times in
Labour's from the field three times in the year all your males shall appear
the year all your males shall appear
the year all your males shall appear before the Lord God you shall not offer
before the Lord God you shall not offer
before the Lord God you shall not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened
the blood of my sacrifice with leavened
the blood of my sacrifice with leavened bread nor shall the fat of my sacrifice
bread nor shall the fat of my sacrifice
bread nor shall the fat of my sacrifice remain until mundi the first of the
remain until mundi the first of the
remain until mundi the first of the firstfruits of your land you shall bring
firstfruits of your land you shall bring
firstfruits of your land you shall bring into the house of the Lord your God you
into the house of the Lord your God you
into the house of the Lord your God you shall not boil a young goat in its
shall not boil a young goat in its
shall not boil a young goat in its mother's milk behold I send an angel
mother's milk behold I send an angel
mother's milk behold I send an angel before you to keep you in the way and to
before you to keep you in the way and to
before you to keep you in the way and to bring you into the place which I have
bring you into the place which I have
bring you into the place which I have prepared beware of him and obey his
prepared beware of him and obey his
prepared beware of him and obey his voice do not provoke him for he will not
voice do not provoke him for he will not
voice do not provoke him for he will not pardon your transgressions for my name
pardon your transgressions for my name
pardon your transgressions for my name is in him but if you indeed obey his
is in him but if you indeed obey his
is in him but if you indeed obey his voice and do all that I speak then I
voice and do all that I speak then I
voice and do all that I speak then I will be an enemy to your enemies and an
will be an enemy to your enemies and an
will be an enemy to your enemies and an adversary to your aunt
adversary to your aunt
adversary to your aunt for my angel will go before you and
for my angel will go before you and
for my angel will go before you and bring you in to the amorite and the
bring you in to the amorite and the
bring you in to the amorite and the hittites and the perizzites and the
hittites and the perizzites and the
hittites and the perizzites and the Canaanites and the highlights and the
Canaanites and the highlights and the
Canaanites and the highlights and the jebusites
jebusites
jebusites and I will cut them off you shall not
and I will cut them off you shall not
and I will cut them off you shall not bow down to their gods nor serve them
bow down to their gods nor serve them
bow down to their gods nor serve them nor do according to their works but you
nor do according to their works but you
nor do according to their works but you shall utterly overthrow them and
shall utterly overthrow them and
shall utterly overthrow them and completely break down their sacred
completely break down their sacred
completely break down their sacred pillars so you shall serve the Lord your
pillars so you shall serve the Lord your
pillars so you shall serve the Lord your God and He will bless your bread and
God and He will bless your bread and
God and He will bless your bread and your water and I will take sickness away
your water and I will take sickness away
your water and I will take sickness away from the midst of you no one shall
from the midst of you no one shall
from the midst of you no one shall suffer miscarriage or be barren in your
suffer miscarriage or be barren in your
suffer miscarriage or be barren in your land I will fulfill the number of your
land I will fulfill the number of your
land I will fulfill the number of your days I will send my fear before you I
days I will send my fear before you I
days I will send my fear before you I will cause confusion among all the
will cause confusion among all the
will cause confusion among all the people to whom you come and will make
people to whom you come and will make
people to whom you come and will make all your enemies turn their backs to you
all your enemies turn their backs to you
all your enemies turn their backs to you and I will send Hornets before you which
and I will send Hornets before you which
and I will send Hornets before you which shall drive out the hive I to the
shall drive out the hive I to the
shall drive out the hive I to the Canaanite and the Hittite from before
Canaanite and the Hittite from before
Canaanite and the Hittite from before you I will not drive them out from
you I will not drive them out from
you I will not drive them out from before you in one year lest the land
before you in one year lest the land
before you in one year lest the land become desolate and the beasts of the
become desolate and the beasts of the
become desolate and the beasts of the field become too numerous for you little
field become too numerous for you little
field become too numerous for you little by little I will drive them out from
by little I will drive them out from
by little I will drive them out from before you until you have increased and
before you until you have increased and
before you until you have increased and you inherit the land
you inherit the land
you inherit the land and I will set your bombs from the Red
and I will set your bombs from the Red
and I will set your bombs from the Red Sea to the sea Philistia and from the
Sea to the sea Philistia and from the
Sea to the sea Philistia and from the desert to the rhythm for I will deliver
desert to the rhythm for I will deliver
desert to the rhythm for I will deliver the inhabitants of the land into your
the inhabitants of the land into your
the inhabitants of the land into your hand and you shall drive them out before
hand and you shall drive them out before
hand and you shall drive them out before you you shall make no covenant with them
you you shall make no covenant with them
you you shall make no covenant with them nor with their gods they shall not dwell
nor with their gods they shall not dwell
nor with their gods they shall not dwell in your land lest they make you sin
in your land lest they make you sin
in your land lest they make you sin against me for if you serve their gods
against me for if you serve their gods
against me for if you serve their gods it will surely be a snare to you
it will surely be a snare to you
it will surely be a snare to you [Music]